/*
Assignment Description:
Authentication:
Create a user registration page with the following fields
1. First name
2. Last name
3. Username
4. Email
5. Password
6. Confirm Password
*/

/*
also, login using Google & Facebook (OAuth)
Validation:
1. username has to be unique for every user
2. username can contain alpha-numeric
3. username can contain Dot (.) and Underscore (_)
4. username cannot start and end with a Dot (.)
5. username should have at least 3 characters (one of them has to be alphabet)
6. username cannot contain more than 30 characters
7. username cannot contain two or more than one Dots (.) in a row
8. all of the fields are mandatory to fill
9. First name should contain at least 3 characters
10. "see password" option in Password and Confirm Password

11. if a person login using Google, set username = firstname_lastname + random string (uuid)

12. username should be saved in lowercase, any case provided by user.

Send a verification email with a link to verify email on User's Email address provided.
Show an alert message to user once user registers, to verify the email.
user can only login using the credentials once it is verified.
once user is logged in, create a page to display user profile.
1. User's profile Wall picture
2. User's profile picture
3. user's name
4. username
5. any other info you'd like to add (like Bio)
Now user can add its wall picture and Profile picture
wall picture (let's say 800x200 px)
profile picture (let's say 100x100 px)
Note: when logging using google, take default profile picture provided by google, but user can
change it later.
Make sure when you upload the picture, it auto-crops the image, and the image does not stretch out
or shrink in.
Database: MongoDB
Please make sure the assignment is presentable and not a mess.
Final call: Host the website on any free hosting service (like Heroku) and share the link.
We'll be looking for your response as soon as possible.
Submission deadline: 17/05/2022
www.softseekersinfotech.com 

*/
